2nd Group Project Meeting of Group 9
====================================

#### Present ####
- Aron Clinch
- Jack Cridland
- John Batty (Dave)
- John Friend
- Kamil Lewinsky
- Punit Shah
- Rowan Alexander
- Tom Goralczyk

#### Absent ####
- Geraint Thomas
- Leon Hassan

08/10/2014 Hugh Owen C48

Matters Arising
---------------
- GPS + Photos on Android:
  - Need an Android phone with GPS and camera
  - APIs for GPS and taking pictures present in base Android framework.
- HTTP access
  - Use the open-source [okHTTP](https://square.github.io/okhttp/) library.
  - Use built-in [JSONObject](http://www.json.org/javadoc/org/json/JSONObject.html) class or [gson](https://code.google.com/p/google-gson/) for serialization.
- Database servers
  - Need to design the model
  - SQL or noSQL?
  - MySQL and PostgreSQL available on the student network.
- HTTP backend
  - Agreed on using PHP
  - Can be worked on by people taking CS25010
- Android storage
  - SQLite available as part of the Android Framework

New Business
------------
- Dave will look into the design guidelines for Android applications.
- Will distribute project roles at a future meeting.

AOB
---
- Ashley Iles has left the group.

###### Group member skills ######
- Tom
  - Two years experience developing Android apps
  - Experience using Github
- John Friend
  - HTML/CSS/JS + responsive design
  - Is taking CS25010
- Aron
  - Web design HTML/CSS/JS
- Jack
  - HTML/CSS/JS
  - Write-ups, documentation, LaTeX
- Punit
  - Java Programmer
  - HTML/CSS/JS
  - Is taking CS25010
- Dave
  - Experience with Android API
  - PHP+SQL
  - Did the project last year
- Rowan
  - Java, Python, PHP
  - Prefers working on Android side of things
- Kamil
  - PHP and mySQL.
  - Familiar with Java.
  - Is taking CS25010.

