#5th Weekly Wednesday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Punit Shah
*John Friend
*Geraint Thomas (G)
*Leon Hassan

###Absent
*Anna
*Kamil Lewinsky
*Jack CridLand
*Tom Goralczyk

12/11/2014 - C48 Hugh Owen

##Matters Arising

1. Everyones design tasks must be finished before monday the 24th.
2. Dave is to update the android pageflow designs.
3. John is to update website, include a table with 'dummy data'.

##New Business
1. John is also to look into glu.
2. Dave is to look up FR4.
3. Jack is specifically working on backend app design.Rowan is to create Test Scripts for FR8 and FR9.
4. G is to look into HTTP PUSH and GET protocols from android to the server.
5. Punit is to make a LaTeX template.
6. Punit is to assist John with App design.

##AOB
1. N/A