1st Weekly Group Project Meeting of Group 9
===========================================

#### Present ####
- Nigel Hardy
- Rowan Alexander
- John Batty (Dave)
- Leon Hassan
- Punit Shah
- Aron Clinch
- John Friend
- Tom Goralczyk
- Kamil Lewinsky
- Ashley Iles

#### Absent ####
- Geraint Thomas

06/10/2014 - B22 Llandinam

Matters Arising
---------------
1. None (first meeting)

New Business
------------
1. Rowan and Dave will look into GPS + Photos and any other Phone-side settings that may or may not need to be included.
2. Leon and Punit will look into Android transmission and communication, mainly HTTP packets.
3. Aron and John will look into Database Servers and what we need to know about that.
4. Tom and Kamil will look into what we need to know about server-side.
5. Jack and Ashley are looking into storage on an android app.
6. Tom is going to create a Github repository by Wednesday.
7. Everyone will have to create a Github account if they haven't already done so, and either sign up to Toms repository or send him their details so he can do it (I can't remember which way it works).
8. Leon is looking into booking a room so we can have a meeting Wednesday at 2 o'clock to discuss what we've found.

AOB
---
1. None
