4th Group Project Meeting of Group 9
====================================

#### Present ####
- Anna Laura Zielinska
- Jack Cridland
- John Friend
- Kamil Lewinsky
- Leon Hassan
- Rowan Alexander

#### Absent ####
- Nigel Hardy
- Geraint Thomas
- John Batty
- Tom Goralczyk
- Punit Shah

22/10/2014 Hugh Owen C48

Matters Arising
---------------
- John and John starting write up of UI design, images are mocked up
- We will be using php v5 and a version of SQL (eg. MySQL or SQLite)
- Gantt chart complete
- Introduction complete
- Spec shortened into technical document
- Risk analysis complete
- Not sure if use cases complete (get Punit on it)
- Anna to make graphics needed for site and app
- Add everyone (ensure everyone is added) to facebook group

#### Team Roles ####
- Team Leader - Tom
  - Deputy Team Leader - Jack?
- QA Manager - Rowan
  - Deputy QA Manager - Leon ?
- UX Manager - John
  - UX Deputy Manager - Dave
- Programming guru (dedicated fixer of all things broken) - Tom ?
- Secretary - Dave ?

New Business
------------
- Dave to add everyone to facebook group
- Tom to add Anna to github
- Leon to email/get in contact with Tom
- Leon to email out team roles and get people to okay positions
- John to look into shared area for our group to store database and website
