#4th Weekly Monday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Nigel Hardy
*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Leon Hassan
*Punit Shah
*Kamil Lewinsky
*Anna
*Tom Goralczyk
*Jack CridLand
*John Friend

###Absent
*Geraint Thomas

03/11/2014 - B22 Llandinam

##Matters Arising

1. The 1st draft of the Test Specification is done and will be uploaded to blackboard when possible.
2. The Gantt Chart has been amended and will be added to the Project plan.

##New Business
1. John and Kamil will work on the Web GUI and the Web backend design.
2. Dave and Jack will workd on the App GUI and the App backend design.
3. Leon and Tom will work on the Database design.
4. Punit will define what protocols will be controlled by Client side code and what will be decided by server side.
5. Rowan and Anna will work on the Prototype research.

##AOB
1. We have defined the Prototype deverable as having three seperate parts. The app walkthrough. The Web walkthrough. The Server which will takes in 'dummy data'.
2. If anyone is unsure as to what their task entails bring it up at the next meeting.
3. As always there will be a meeting on Wednesday in C48 Hugh Owen at 1.00