#Monday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Leon Hassan
*Kamil Lewinsky
*Anna
*Tom Goralczyk
*John Friend
*Nigel

###Absent
*Geraint Thomas
*Punit Shah
*Jack CridLand

24/11/2014 - C48 Hugh Owen

##Matters Arising

1. Dave will push the App GUI design revisements up to Github.
2. Kamil is to look into PHP unit testing and codeing standards.
3. Dave is to look into design requirements, to make sure we have everything covered.
4. Anna is to ask Rowan to send her the research he has already done to her for reveiw and passing on.
5. Dave and Jack are to email the App design to Leon.
6. John and Kamil are to email the Web design to Leon.
7. Anna is to email the collected function research that she and Rowan did to Leon.
8. Punit is to email the Client-side and Server-side definition to Leon.
9. Tom is to send Leon the work he has done on the Database Design.
10. On Tuesday Leon will gather the design bits we have done and put them into one document, then email it to everyone else.


##New Business
1. On Wednesday Leon will bring the Design Specs he has gathered together so that we can review it at the meeting.

##AOB
1. N/A