#Thursday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Leon Hassan
*Kamil Lewinsky
*John Friend
*Jack CridLand

###Absent
*Geraint Thomas
*Punit Shah
*Anna
*Tom Goralczyk
*Nigel

27/11/2014 - C48 Hugh Owen

##Matters Arising

1. Review of the Design Specification happened.
2. Toms Server design was not done to standards.
3. An extra use case is to be done by Punit to show the extended usability (Punit talk to Leon about what he wants if you are not sure).
4. Anna needs to adjust intro (again talk to Leon about how).
5. Jack is to do the new Gantt chart in colour.
6. Android GUI screenshots need to be sent to Leon and sent to Github by Dave.
7. an adjusted write-up b Dave and Jack for the Android Design needs doing.
8. Leon is to update the LaTeX template with a ref table
9. Leon will need to look into doc config.

##New Business
1. N/A

##AOB
1. N/A