#5th Weekly Wednesday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Punit Shah
*Anna
*Jack CridLand
*John Friend

###Absent
*Geraint Thomas
*Kamil Lewinsky
*Leon Hassan
*Tom Goralczyk

5/11/2014 - C48 Hugh Owen

##Matters Arising

1. Prototype Research is redefined as Function Research.
2. If Punit finishes his task early he is to help any strugglers.
3. John is specifically working on frontend web design.
4. Kamil is specifically working on backend web design.
5. Dave is specifically working on frontend app design.
6. Jack is specifically working on backend app design.

##New Business
1. Rowan is going to create a todo list on github for any none essential tasks that we would like/need but isn't a large enough task to dedicate to.

##AOB
1. N/A