#3rd Weekly Monday Group Project Meeting of Group 09
###Present

*Nigel Hardy
*Rowan Alexander
*John Batty (Dave)
*Leon Hassan
*Punit Shah
*John Friend
*Kamil Lewinsky
*Anna

###Absent
*Tom Goralczyk
*Geraint Thomas

06/10/2014 - B22 Llandinam

##Matters Arising

1. John and Dave will continue looking into UI design of the website and the android app respectivly.
2. Leon will take over where Aron left off on the server research, we decided that it woould follow the same lines as the one in CS25010.
3. We also decided on PHP as our serverside language and Leon again declared he would look into what version of PHP we'll be using.

##New Business
1. Jack will create a Gantt chart with Tom.
2. Anna said she would create an intro for the Project plan.
3. Kamil will look into the user specs and shorten it into a more consise specification.
4. Rowan is working on the Risk analysis.
5. Punit is to create USe-case diagrams for the project.
6. On Wednesday we'll pool our individual bits and Leon will glue them together in LaTek ready for Monday.

##AOB
1. Dave will create a Facebook group so that we have an easier way of contacting people
2. Anna will need to send Leon her Username for github so she can join.
